knows this criticism because the creators
in all countries but it is not unfounded
and so it's important that
indeed rank the mark the difference between the concept of skills such
that the school
you will develop the use made of it
in companies today
once you have to feel different from the guardians do not make
negative of the Labor Party evolution of the economic world
or in the background
the notion of competence has replaced that of qualification
apart from individual and the treatment of people creates inequalities creates of
precariousness burst flexibility at the expense of these workers that's
a reality
for you then we can use the concept of skills management of
human resources against people
at the same time or even in the corporate world the recognition
the concept of competence is an acknowledgment of the complexity of
work even low-skilled work
from the intelligence to the work of all the workers even those who line
of backs team against the party they serve in a year
sahara pass com everyone makes choices everyone his father's
judgments everyone wants to reap
everybody
fingers appreciated situations that are not in the manual that are not
standards
everyone must take the risk to think even in the works
relatively simple
contrary to what is often believed
and therefore recognize competence at work
crazy about valorization
of the subjective France
to the pedal by a way of saying that it is not a know-how lower
level but that human intelligence is always present in
skills
from this point of view, the school pursues the same fight
aad he's not responsible for the king's power struggles him leading
everyone thinks 7 school can not change capitalism can not
change the society and is part of it you must not make her responsible
but it is obviously not necessary to ask him for the cross
and that's why it's very important who actually
skills that are developed at school
do not be skiers
to be adapted to voted workstations with places
particular that they be high-level skills for me the
jurisdictional trial does
it does not refer at all to very specific know-how that
refers to an ability to analyze situations
to understand where does the situation come from what's the problem what are the
solutions
what is the strategy of the coup what are the resources with which I can do
something what are the risks